This is the host package for support of the 730X terminal.  The 730X
terminal is a 730 terminal with a 730X rom cartridge plugged in the side.
As of this time, the latest release of the cartridge is version 1.2 dated
08/07/91.  You also need an ethernet board in the 730 with either TCP/IP or
ISO roms in it.  The ethernet board has space for extra memory which is
also needed (2-4 megabytes).

If you are using TCP/IP, the ONLY thing you need from this package is the
"lib" directory.  This contains the rgb database and the fonts for the
730.  The fonts are in ".snf" format which has been converted from the
original ".bdf" source so they are directly readable by the 730X server.
The programs under the "src" directory were included in the original 730X
package but in general they are useless to you so you can ignore them.  If
you are using ISO, the files under src/mtg/Xmtg may be of interest to you.

When using TCP, the 730X reads its files over tftp, so it is recommended to
install this package under /tftpboot/Xmtg and to administer tftpd to make
all files under /tftpboot available over tftp.

To configure the 730, first configure the network.  For TCP, this shows up
under the button 3 More menu, item Netadmin.  Hit the Configuration
button.  Find out an internet address for your terminal, your primary
gateway, and your primary and secondary domain name servers.  If your TCP
network is configured normally, you probably have 8 bit subnets.  In that
case, the Broadcast Address will be the top three numbers of your
terminal's IP address with "255" as the fourth number.  Also, with 8 bit
subnets your Subnet Mask will be "ff.ff.ff.00".  To change a field, click
on it with button 1, type in your value, and hit return.  The values don't
take effect until you reboot the terminal (control-shift-reset will do that
or power cycle).

The 730's TCP card supports two protocols for name servers; "Domain Name
Server" and "IEN-116 Name Server".  IEN-116 is an older protocol, but I
have found that if your name server supports it, you're better off using
that than the "Domain Name Server" protocol because the 730 has a bug when
using the Domain Name Server protocol: it can't handle queries that need to
be forwarded to another server.  So, first try putting the IP addresses for
your primary and secondary servers in the IEN-116 Name Server entries and
put 0.0.0.0 in the Domain Name Server entries.  If that doesn't work, try
putting the addresses in the Domain Name Server Entries instead.  If you
can't get name servers to work, you can type in IP addresses in Telnet
windows.

The Default Domain Suffix (e.g. ih.att.com) is what's added to the name
lookup when you enter in a name in a Telnet window without a domain.  The
Default Telnet Host is the default name used when you hit return in a
Telnet window.  Choose the maximum values for the bottom four parameters:
118 Maximum TCP Endpoints, 8 Maximum UDP Endpoints, heavy Expected STREAMS
Load, and 4096 TCP Window Size.

Now configure the X portion through the button 3 More Xadmin item.  Click
on X server options.  Enter in the IP addresses of one or two hosts which
contain this package installed under tftp in "Xmtg".  The Default Font Path
should look like this:
	Xmtg/lib/fonts/100dpi,Xmtg/lib/fonts/75dpi,Xmtg/lib/fonts/Xol,Xmtg/lib/fonts/misc,Xmtg/lib/fonts/openwinfonts,Xmtg/lib/fonts/sun

set the Cursor Font to
	cursor
set the Text Font to
	rom11x16
set the Color Database Path to
	Xmtg/lib/rgb.mtg

Go back to the Main Menu and hit Reboot X server.  

After it finishes booting, you can hit control-space to switch back and
forth between the X screen and the MTG screen.  You can delete the Xadmin
window whenever you like.

To start up X programs, log on to the host you want to start from a window
on the MTG side.  Set and export the DISPLAY variable to point to the name
or IP address assigned to your terminal with a ":0" appended.  Set your X
resources using "xrdb".  For example, make a file called ".xresources.730"
and load it with "xrdb .xresources.730".  This is an example file:

	*background:    black
	*foreground:    white

	*font:                          rom11x16
	XTerm*cursorShape:              arrow
	XTerm*curses:                   True
	XTerm*scrollBar:                True
	XTerm*scrollInput:              False
	XTerm*scrollKey:                True
	XTerm*saveLines:                1000
	XTerm*termName:                 xterms

NOTE: when you switch between X and MTG screens, processes on the other
screen are suspended, so you can't execute an X command on the MTG screen
and expect anything to happen until you switch screens.  This includes xrdb.

You will need a window manager.  Try "twm &".  Also try "xterm &".

- Dave Dykstra
  1/19/94
